# CashMoney
I/O Hackathon

A major problem right now that has no clear solution is the lack of information of how many people are at a place at a time. The function of this project is to display the number of people at a location, in order for people to plan more effectively on whether to go to a place depending on how many people are there. This application is heavily based on user inputs because of the polling system that people use to submit how many people are at a location, in order to help others that are planning to go there as well. This app benefits everybody because it helps with social-distancing by giving information to the user and also allows for further planning on going to places in person. This program is very feasible and easy to use because when people are at a location, all they have to do is open this app and input the number of people they csee in the area. It is also very easy to get the information as well because all you have to do is hover your mouse over the place you want the information from and it'll display the info to you. The prototype we have made can do all of the above and is very easy to use. If this program were to be expanded, we would use a real map with real locations so that it can actually be useful. Building in a gps system would also ease the strain on the user with finding the place to find/input information to, as well as getting server backend to store more data. We would also publish the app so that everybody can use it!

Dependencies required to run the program:
statistics, asyncio, pyqt5, json, time, aiosqlite, math
